[Music]
traveling to the USA from India is an
exciting Adventure whether it's for a
vacation education or business but
beyond the excitement are you prepared
for the unexpected medical emergencies
trip cancellations lost baggage these
can happen when you least expect
it that's why having travel insurance is
essential IC Lombard's travel insurance
offers comprehensive coverage so you can
enjoy your journey with peace of mind
from emergency medical expenses to
passport loss we've got you
covered what makes ICC Lombard stand out
we offer 24/7 assistance no matter where
you are direct cash settlement at
hospitals in the USA and coverage for
pre-existing conditions in case of
life-threatening situations plus we
offer plans tailored specifically for
students frequent flyers and family
vacations so there's a policy for every
kind of traveler and the best part
getting covered is simple you can
purchase your travel insurance policy in
just a few picks online with instant
policy issuance no paperwork no
hassle so why take risks when you can
travel WorryFree choose ICC Lombard
travel insurance today explore the world
with confidence
[Music]